Alewis/custom webpack config for sites (#606)
cloudflare/workers-docs: src/content/tooling/wrangler/webpack.md

```js
module.exports = {
  target: "webworker",

>   entry: "./index.js" // inferred from "main" in package.json

Author: idk why this keeps  doing this...

```js
module.exports = {
  target: "webworker",
  entry: "./index.js",
  mode: "production"
}
```

### Using with Workers Sites

> Because Wrangler commands are run from the project root, but your site worker is typically nested in a child directory  `workers-site`, you must be mindful when using custom webpack configuration files for Workers Sites projects. We recommend that you keep your webpack config in the workers-site directory, and set `context = __dirname`. This will assure that all of the paths you set in your configuration are evaluated relative to the webpack config, and not the wrangler.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sensible Defaults
 Wrangler commands are run from the project root, so ensure your `entry` and `context` are set appropriately. For a project with structure:
...
 webpack.config.js would should like
 ..
```

Then add example of project directory tree

```js
module.exports = {
  target: "webworker",
  entry: "./index.js",
  mode: "production"
}
```

### Using with Workers Sites

Wrangler commands are run from the project root, so ensure your `entry` and `context` are set appropriately. For a project with structure:

```console
.
├── CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
├── LICENSE_APACHE
├── LICENSE_MIT
├── README.md
├── index.js
├── package.json
└── wrangler.toml

> ```

Author: i did this wrong bc i'm a dingus

```js
module.exports = {
  target: "webworker",
  entry: "./index.js",
  mode: "production"
}
```

### Using with Workers Sites

Wrangler commands are run from the project root, so ensure your `entry` and `context` are set appropriately. For a project with structure:

```console
.
├── public

> │   ├── 404.html

Reviewer: Where's webpack.config.js? I'd remove all the images and just keep the two html files for brevity
